Update README.md (#30)
algeriatech/awesome-algeria: README.md

- [Ji3an](https://github.com/Taybou/JiaanApp) - Ji3an is a mobile application for food recipes and cart shopping
- [OpenClass](https://github.com/youben11/open-class/) - OpenClass is a web app that promote information sharing through organized workshops.
- [Timgad](https://github.com/OpenDZ/timgad) - Timgad is a kernel Linux Security Module that collects per process and system-wide security protections that are not handled by the core kernel itself

> -[selma](https://github.com/FdevTech/Selma)-is virtual assistant backed by augmented reality capabilities built by Algerian engineers in 2018, it allows you to control different appliances in your home 

Reviewer: Can we format it this way (to match the other items?

```suggestion
- [selma](https://github.com/FdevTech/Selma) - A virtual assistant backed by augmented reality capabilities, it allows you to control different appliances in your home.
```

Also, we should:

 - respect the alphabetical order (it should be moved before "Timgad")
 - The repository is missing a LICENSE file though, this is a requirement to be added to this repository.

Thanks
